hey everyone today I'm going to view the
barium textured nail polishes I bought
these for 3 pound 99 @ big
the coal I bought is called Atlantic
road and it is a light pastel blue the
first thing I did was applying a base
coat and then applied my first coat of
nail polish it was very share the
texture didn't look attractive a lot its
assault on my nails I then went ahead
and applied my second coat of nail
polish the color looks really pretty at
this point the main reason I bought it
was because of the color
you
I was waiting for it to dry and took a
really long time to dry the texture
finally showed through and this is what
it's a bunker in this world looks like
with two coats another thing I wanted to
say was as the days went on the texture
kind of wore down and it started to feel
like a normal nail polish rather than
and textured one I checked how long it
would last by taking a picture every day
to see when it started to chip in
reality it did thought Jim the second
day but I'd say it was more noticeable
from the third day and onwards which
isn't too good but it isn't too bad
either
i read a blog post about it about this
nail polish and somebody attended my
rainbows drops and it actually did it it
really really looks like a rainbow job
yeah it's pretty cool it's a red book
boots superdrug or barium calm 43 pounds
life now it's pretty cheap I don't know
if I'll be binding